[metricbeat] Raid metricset with expanded disk states, using /sys/block (#11613)
elastic/beats: metricbeat/module/system/raid/_meta/docs.asciidoc

This is the raid metricset of the module system. It collects stats about the raid.

This metricset is available on:
- Linux

> The config option `raid.mount_point:` can be used to configure the raid mount point.

Reviewer: Maybe we should add a note here for container users mentioning that `/sys` is needed in the `hostfs` directory if this metricset is used.

> The config option `raid.mount_point:` can be used to configure the location of the raid metadata. If running this metricset inside a container, you will need to mount `/sys/block` inside the container using `--system.hostfs`

Reviewer: Like this it looks like `--system.hostfs` is used to mount the volume.
```suggestion
The config option `raid.mount_point:` can be used to configure the location of the raid metadata. If running this metricset inside a container, you will need to mount `/sys/block` inside the container under the path specified by `--system.hostfs`
```
